Intro to Pipeline Automation

Task 1 Introduction
Answer the questions below
I’m ready to learn about pipeline automation and how to make sure it is secure!
No answer needed 

Task 2 DevOps Pipelines Explained
Where in the pipeline is our end product deployed?
Environments

Task 3 Source Code and Version Control
Who is the largest online provider of Git?
Github

What popular Git product is used to host your own Git server?
Gitlab

What tool can be used to scan the commits of a repo for sensitive information?
Gittyleaks

Task 4 Dependency Management
What do we call the type of dependency that was created by our organisation? (Internal/External)
Internal

What type of dependency is JQuery? (Internal/External)
External

What is the name of Python’s public dependency repo?
Pypi

What dependency 0day vulnerability set the world ablaze in 2021?
Log4j

Task 5 Automated Testing
What type of tool scans code to look for potential vulnerabilities?
SAST

What type of tool runs code and injects test cases to look for potential vulnerabilities?
DAST

Can SAST and DAST be used as a replacement for penetration tests? (Yea,Nay)
Nay

Task 6 Continuous Integration and Development
What does CI in CI/CD stand for?
Continuous Integration

What does CD in CI/CD stand for?
Continuous Delivery

What do we call the build infrastructure element that controls all builds?
Build Orchestrator

What do we call the build infrastructure element that performs the build?
build agent

Task 7 Environments
Which environment usually has the weakest security configuration?
DEV

Which environment is used to test the application?
UAT

Which environment is similar to PROD but is used to verify that everything is working before it is pushed to PROD?
PrePROD

What is a common vulnerability that is discovered in PROD due to insecure code creeping in from DEV?
Developer bypasses

Task 8 Challenge
What is the flag received after successfully building your pipeline?
THM{Pipeline.Automation.Is.Fun}

Task 9 Conclusion
I understand the basic pipeline structure, and I’m ready to do a deep dive into each element!
no answer needed

